# Zombie Survival quiz

Questions/answers:

1. Which of the following are a must have in your survival kit?
A) Water Filtration device
B) Cell phone
C) iPad
D) Hotplate
Answer)water filters-clean water is essential to your life and health

2. What weapon should you never be without?
A) Machete or other long sturdy blade
B) Pistol
C) Bear Trap
D) Grenades
Answer) you need a strong blade to take off heads, break open 

3. How will you protect yourself from zombie bites or scratches?
A) Light weight body armor
B) Hat and gloves
C) Military field armor and helmet
D) Heavy duty clothes like firefighter gear
Answer) Armor that is light and protective from bites/scratches, and animal attacks
        will keep you whole and healthy without wearing you down with extra weight as you move around.

4. What is the only/best way to ensure a zombie really dies?
A) Take off their head/destroy brain
B) Stake to the heart
C) Chain them in the sun
D) Drown them
Answer) decaptitation or brain destruction is the only sure way to keep a zombie down.
	Gotta make sure that brain tissue is gone!

5. Most reasonable primary weapon to carry?
A) Crossbow
B) 50 caliber machine gun
C) M16
D) Grenagde launcher
Answer) Crossbow bolts are re-useable, light weight, and can be made on the run as long ase you can find wood or other materials you can use.

6. What should you be eating?
A) Frozen dinners
B) Cereal
C) MREs
D) Canned Food
Answer) MREs - store well and are simple to prepare for when you're on the go.

7. How will you be traveling?
A) In car
B) Motorcycle
C) In a heavily armored vehicle
D) Walk
Answer) Walk - Anything needing gasolene to run won't last you a long time. 

8. Should you travel alone or others?
A) Pairs 
B) With your dog or owl
C) Groups
D) Forever Alone
Answer) Groups - so you can outrun the slowest one

9. What basic hygiene should you maintain?
A) Teeth, hands, feet, private areas
B) Body
C) Face
D) Eyes and Mouth
Answer) Teeth, hands, feet, private areas - Keeping it really essential - making sure your teeth don't hurt, your hands, feet, and privates are clean will prevent infections and sickness so you can keep on going.

10. If you were bitten or scratched, what will you do?
A) Disinfect with alcohol or hydrogen peroxide
B) Burn the affected area
C) Cut it off
D) Hide your injury and hope it goes away
Answer) Cut it off - amputating your affected limb might delay or stop the process, but you'll never be sure. If you were bitten or scratched on your face... well... disinfect and pray.


Results of Quiz
----------------
- 1-4 out of 10 : You're doomed! Hopefully you'll do better at the next zombie apocalypse

- 5-8 out of 10 : You MIGHT survive if you're with someone who knows better

- 9 or 10  :  You're a Grade A zombie hunter! You'll survive this zombie apocalypse and many more!



